//google tracking code
https://help.shopify.com/en/manual/promoting-marketing/analyze-marketing/tracking-adwords-conversions

//shipping estimate
https://www.huratips.com/tech-tips/add-a-shipping-rates-calculator-to-your-shopify-cart.html

//email template objects
https://help.shopify.com/en/manual/sell-online/notifications/email-variables

//liquid code example
https://shopify.github.io/liquid-code-examples/

//swatch
https://help.shopify.com/en/themes/customization/products/features/add-color-swatches

//customize order page
https://help.shopify.com/en/manual/orders/status-tracking/customize-status-tracking

//cart attribute to collect more info.
https://help.shopify.com/en/themes/customization/cart/get-more-information-with-cart-attributes

//link product option
https://help.shopify.com/en/themes/customization/products/variants/link-product-options-in-menus

//get customize info. for product
https://help.shopify.com/en/themes/customization/products/features/get-customization-information-for-products#show-customizations-in-the-cart-sectioned-themes-specific

//add field in customer registration
https://help.shopify.com/en/themes/customization/forms/get-more-information-with-customer-registration-form#types-of-form-fields

//shipping calculator
https://help.shopify.com/en/themes/customization/cart/add-shipping-calculator 

//metafields
https://help.shopify.com/en/themes/liquid/objects/metafield

//group by filters
https://gist.github.com/darryn/8047749

//for tag filter
https://sumankc.com/2017/04/01/shopify-blog-sidebar-categories-tags-and-archives/

//instafeed
http://instafeedjs.com/

//twitterfeed
https://help.twitter.com/en/using-twitter/embed-twitter-feed

//timer js
https://albert-gonzalez.github.io/easytimer.js/
http://flipclockjs.com/

//magic zoom
https://www.shopify.in/partners/blog/jquery-image-zoom

//magiczoom settings
https://www.magictoolbox.com/magiczoom/integration/#api

//git through command
https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2

//buy button
https://help.shopify.com/en/themes/customization/cart/use-permalinks-to-preload-cart

//auto complete search
https://www.huratips.com/tech-tips/how-to-add-autocomplete-for-search-boxes-to-your-shopify-store.html
http://unofficialshopify.blogspot.com/2016/09/how-to-enable-autocomplete-for-search.html

//create or get cookies
https://www.w3schools.com/js/tryit.asp?filename=tryjs_cookie_username

//line item product property
https://ui-elements-generator.myshopify.com/pages/line-item-property

//next-prev without using collection
https://community.shopify.com/c/Shopify-Design/Previous-and-Next-button-bug/m-p/293817

//forms
https://help.shopify.com/en/themes/liquid/tags/theme-tags#currency-form

//currency switcher
https://help.shopify.com/en/themes/customization/currencies
http://docs.minionmade.com/shopify/add-currency-converter-to-shopify-website

//jquery ui slider(range)
https://jqueryui.com/slider/#range

//range slider css
https://www.cssportal.com/style-input-range/

//google product rating description schema
https://schema.org/

//pick up options option
https://help.shopify.com/en/themes/customization/products/variants/how-to-add-a-pick-an-option-to-drop-downs

//open graph meta tags
https://neilpatel.com/blog/open-graph-meta-tags/

//html description
https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/HTML/Introduction_to_HTML/The_head_metadata_in_HTMLhttps://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/HTML/Introduction_to_HTML/The_head_metadata_in_HTML

//arrows codes
https://www.alt-codes.net/arrow_alt_codes.php

//facebook debugger
https://developers.facebook.com/tools/debug/

//disable right click
https://mycyberuniverse.com/developing/disabling-right-clicking-by-using-javascript.html
https://medium.com/@maheshkariya/disable-ctrl-key-right-click-and-f12-7617bb7f2e87

//select variants by clicking images
https://help.shopify.com/en/themes/customization/products/variants/select-variants-by-clicking-images

//change number of product per page
https://medium.com/@hiennv/how-to-change-number-of-product-per-page-in-shopify-83f2c4e4a7c0

//google recaptcha
https://www.google.com/recaptcha/intro/v3.html

//lazyload
https://afarkas.github.io/lazysizes/

//google calendar embed
https://support.google.com/calendar/answer/41207?hl=en

//google search
https://cse.google.co.in/cse/lookandfeel/layout?cx=006196878061625361235:1jwo2j6mdze

//add lazyload
https://speedboostr.com/shopify-lazy-loading/

//auto search
https://help.shopify.com/en/themes/development/search/predictive-search

//change input type file placeholder
http://jsfiddle.net/ZDgRG/

//new checkout upgrade
https://help.shopify.com/en/manual/checkout-settings/checkout-upgrade?mkt_tok=eyJpIjoiTW1NME1qa3lZVGswWm1VMCIsInQiOiI4a1NMdU8zVEFlK0dPU0owVVVJZnpFNVpQNDVxcGVza2VoSTF5b1BpbWFWcHZGdDUzNUs5Wk53cUl0b3FrMjAwWkVBV1JzeHNcL3kxNEo2N2NmVHpNNW1saVY4QU9LYkQrZXJib1dXRVM2RkJqeVNJWkFuUFNVRHVwT1hPNjFZRXoifQ%3D%3D
https://help.shopify.com/en/manual/checkout-settings/checkout-upgrade#subscriptions
https://shopify.dev/docs/themes/theme-templates/checkout-liquid?shpxid=47385618-3C58-4A06-C92E-57FBAE6B7C23#step-identification